hi everyone i hope you
Come on, I'm fine
that today we find ourselves for a
new video on ben especially hold
because we will continue the series the
early start team series so these
gone today we are attacking the
series to a series team at
so I saw that on the series at ago
very few players of a very little
untied
but we will still propose this
team there because it's a team to
small budget so it's gone so in
goalkeeper a goalkeeper goalkeeper 2 of Milan
ac abbiati of the other stats really
correct 84 dive 84 reflexes 79
of opposition 73 2 games to the manna that
very correct we will go to the defenders
central with bonucci to bonnici very
very good 72 speed card 77's
defense and 84 of head a very very good
player on the map
by his side a player who was a kind
and who has gone to gold solves this 79 of
79 speed of expenditure 82 head a player
very very fast tested but I think
that it will please many people so
in right defender to concots the French
who is always so good on his map
86 head speed 77 defense 72
79 2 passes and 79 dribbles left
we did not have much choice
milan constant
83 speed very very good very game
solid enough fast 83 speed 77's
defense 79 2 passes in 18 dribbles he
is very very complete in defensive
we have our series our series no 2 of
milan ac
really it has dropped a bit but
still as complete perhaps the most
it's 72 after 74
it goes up to seventy-eight for the
speed and for defense so he has
seem to be so good
the other player is a player that any
the world likes in France it's for
the low poc
for baba look at his stats at a
monster at 75.2 fast and s80 of driouch 76
all strikes were defensive stops
82 passes 80 to two heads
this player is just a monster we're going
to move to the offensive midfielder after we go
to make the wingers we bet me diamanti
diamanti for his shoots from afar
pass his dribbling he's really very
very good this player looks like carlito
with his hair but he is very very
good so here's this one so we're going
move on to the right winger who is ppe
did not have much choice
now know nothing I told you
there are more choices on the
Grandpa sides still beats the casinos a
stage he had on was 13 but
now she's gone into quarters
rare gold so his 84 speed 80's
dribbles 76 pass a very very good
winger on the other side we have a Belgian a
bed which is merhtens mertens which was
transferred to naples during this transfer window
summer so mersen cecos a very very good
player 83 speed 83 dribbling 76
to hit 75 pass a very very good
player
so we'll go to the scorer who is
edited last year who thinks is going
to be so this year matured muriel
89 velocity 78 milk of strikes either 86
of dribbles
really one day it's very complete
so here is the series has with always a
coach arsene wenger au at huawei or
so here I hope that this video you
will have helped or handed over some more ideas for
your teams from the beginning on futiles or on
was very influential from 14 we will get there
so I tell you next
for new illegal videos and
then this august